These are heightmaps from the maps in Terra Nova: Strike Force Centauri, as
outputted from Joerg Fischer's unfortunately unfinished Terra Nova World Editor,
and then converted to PNG format, non-interlaced, optimized palette. The only
map not included is Flatland, from the Random Scenario Generator, as it is
completely flat. To make these usable by Terragen, use the graphics program of
your choice to convert them to TGA (Truevision Targa) format, 24-bit
uncompressed.

In Terragen, go to the Landscape tab. For best results, go into the Size
settings and set the terrain grid points to 1025x1025, with a landscape area of
3000x3000. In the Terrain Import dialog box, set the height scale to 50, and the
height offset to -28. After importing a heightmap, try a water height of -99
metres. This may not always be the right value, but I've found it to work for
some maps. Feel free to experiment with any of these values, though.

I haven't really used any other Terrain rendering programs, so you will have to
figure out for yourself what image format and terrain, etc. settings will work
best with different Terrain renderers.

Read the included mission_names.txt to correlate them with the missions from the
game. The text file is simply the mission_names.txt included with the
documentation for Joerg Fischer's World Editor, but saved into a DOS (and
therefore Notepad) friendly format.

One note: Some of these heightmaps seem to have a 4x4 pixel region that is pure
black, which would make that section appear very deep when rendered. I don't
know what that's about. It couldn't have been me hitting something wrong in the
World Editor, as the only key combinations I used in there were Export
heightmap, and Quit without saving. I used fresh copies of the map files from
the CD image of the game. I've MD5 checked things to ensure the files are
uncorrupted.

URLs:
http://www.planetside.co.uk/terragen - Terragen homepage.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Terra_Nova:_Strike_Force_Centauri - You've never
	played the game? Read about it here.
http://www.ttlg.com/forums/forumdisplay.php?f=77 - Terra Nova forum on Through
	The Looking Glass. You can search for a link to download the game,
	and help to run the game on newer systems.
http://www.ttlg.com/forums/showthread.php?p=1383156 - The original thread that
	gave me this idea.
http://www.cc.puv.fi/~e0100229/pub - Download of World Editor and documentation.

Thanks to:
Looking Glass Studios for creating Terra Nova and the original maps these were
taken from. These maps are copyrighted to them forever and ever to eternity and
back. I don't know and don't give a fuck if those bastards at EA have their
greedy paws on the Intellectual Property.
Joerg Fischer for the Terra Nova World Editor. Joerg, if see this, can you pop
by ttlg.com and release the source code for any programming-type people to add
to it?
Gigaquad from the ttlg.com forums for the overall idea and the terrain height
and offset values.
ToxicFrog from the ttlg.com forums for hosting these files.

These files put together by:
Garth "Drat" Dunn.
